For the following question, you are required to analyze code review guidelines for companies in industry. Only one file needs to be added to your repository, but you should discuss as a group.
1. Check out the code reviewer guidelines for software engineers at Yelp and Microsoft (Visual Studio Mobile team). What concepts are similar between the companies (List at least two)? What are some key differences (List at least two)? In general, what items should be present in a code review checklist for a development team?

Two similarities are Smaller is better and both mention that communication is key
Two differences are Emoji Code for Microsoft, which yelp does not mention and being your #1 critic

Items that should be included would be respectful tone, does not slander the creator, and points out flaws in the code that may be less efficient in a respectful manner.

The next questions will require you to review code reviews on the Code Review Stack Exchange (https://codereview.stackexchange.com/) website, a Stack Overflow-like website for code reviews between peers online. To analyze reviews, you may use either of the code review guidelines above, another code review checklist online (cite the source), or your own personal knowledge, opinions, and experience.
2. Find an example of a "good" code review. Provide a link to the review and explain why you found the review beneficial.

https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/216290/parking-lot-oo-design-python

I thought the first review was pretty respectful as it already establishes that the reviewers thinks the creator did a good job and respectfully gives his recommendations.

3. Find an example of a "bad" code review. Provide a link to the review and briefly explain why you found the review not beneficial. In addition, include recommendations for improvement to the review feedback.

https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/216290/parking-lot-oo-design-python

In the second response to this, the reviewer says he has nonsense code, and is generally disrespectful throughout his review, in terms fo my recommendations I recommend to be more respectful to the creator of the code